welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the Elite Jian heli on which I have been
informed is not you know okay okay here
so on their site they actually explained
that leat gen they explained what leet
means which hopefully all of you know
and if you don't then I don't know you
can stop watching now I suppose no no no
I don't reject any viewers I want anyone
who wants to learn about the heli on
Mouse to be watching this video so leet
make means you know you're like elite
and then eg on like Legion like a army
or something so they're like yeah that's
where the name came from it's like leet
and Legion together and I was like oh
well this mouse is called the heli on so
it's probably like hell and like lions
like ah together and that's probably
what it is and then I was informed that
it's an RTS Mouse so what they're
probably talking about is the heli on
unit in Starcraft so there you go I got
told and there's a cool little logo on
the side where you can see the mouse
inside Legion is sort of a new player in
this whole peripheral game but they seem
to be doing some interesting stuff so we
checked out the ldren before which was
which is actually diesels using it about
half and half now with his old mouse so
he's seeing if he can make the switch
it's hard to change mice because there's
so many different things that affect
whether you like a new Mouse or not but
the fact that he's legitimately
considering changing it out is is pretty
strong that's a pretty strong statement
so I was I was pretty impressed they're
serious about building high-end products
which is cool
unlike sort of some of the other guys so
they're using an Avago 9500 laser mouse
sensor made in Japan Omron micro
switches they actually have a cherry MX
blue switch for the attack button it
does have a dedicated attack button
which is in line with the RTS sort of
roots of this particular great packaging
look at this packaging sorry I'm not
actually done with this yet for custom
profile sets six fully programmable
hotkeys customizable sixteen point eight
million color LED and I think pretty
much it eighty Meg's of hard disk space
system requirement a driver does this
thing have okay looks cool
I'll give it that so mouth lot okay so
labels dpi adjustments so 100 dpi is
blue 800 dpi is green 16 Wow seven
different settings for dpi is at least
and you can change the colors depending
which one you're using race switching
can be done with different profiles so
the default is red - Tarryn is blue Zerg
is purple Protoss as yellow custom is
green so that's that's kind of cool as
well so yeah it's definitely definitely
optimized for Diablo and other RTS games
like that wouldn't it be funny if I made
mistakes like that I was just kidding by
the way but wouldn't that be hilarious
if I actually didn't know gaming to the
point where I didn't know what an RTS
was and I was trying to do unboxings for
products that are optimized for them I
mean I didn't know that the hell he owns
a unit and Starcraft I don't think it
was unit in Starcraft 1 so BAM
okay comes with this is something that I
do like to see it actually comes with
replacements for the slippy pads on the
bottom of the mouth so oh 3 M Wow see
it's all about the baller stuff with
these guys on runs which is 3m mousepad
feet and all that kind of stuff
here we go it's an ambidextrous Mouse
and here is the braided cord so it's a
gold-plated cord although it should be
noted that the gold plating here doesn't
do anything the important thing is the
gold plating on the inside you got that
diesel I don't know if he's got that he
says no it's ok
braided cord so it's not gonna sort of
catch on anything and it's not going to
have problems I've actually had one of
my braided cords fall apart not that
long ago but this one seems like it
wouldn't pop out of the side I had one
night where the cord just popped right
out of the braiding so that was sort of
disappointing it wasn't elite gymnast by
the way so on the bottom here we're
selecting different profiles for the
mouse with a dial that's from an
interesting interface so there's that
default Terran Zerg Protoss custom and
yeah it works pretty much like that is
there another way to do this no okay you
flip the mouse over you turn the dial
and then you're in the actual profile
that you want to be in so you don't it's
not tied to a software switch just sort
of unique
ha there it is cherry MX blue attack
button so that's a dedicated a although
I've noticed the fact that you can
probably reprogram that to something
else if you want it has a pretty unique
sound because it isn't MX blue see that
so it actually yeah as like some pretty
serious
click eNOS to it you've also got a
couple more programmable keys so there's
one here one here there's your middle
click left click right click and I'm
trying to figure out if these are
related to something in any way but it
would actually appear not let's go ahead
and plug it in and have a look at what
the lighting zones look like doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo watching the video
listening to Linus sing doo-doo-doo okay
well that explains what all this is so
there's just lighting that shows through
here at the bum of the mouse here on the
logo here on the top and here and here
on the side so you can change those
colors to pretty much whatever you see
fit so I want to close by showing you
guys how we actually change the dial on
the bottom and how it affects the color
so you can actually see slightly through
the hole there what goes on but here we
go doop doop doop blue purple yellow
other more different blue oh we should
have had like green instead of another
more different but well that pretty much
wraps it up thank you for checking out
my unboxing of the légion Helion RTS
optimized no see how I almost set RPG
can don't forget to subscribe to Linus
tech tips from unboxings reviews and
other computer videos